BFD-2093 Jenkins deployment runbook (#1583)
CMSgov/beneficiary-fhir-data: runbooks/how-to-do-a-deployment.md

3. From the list of Jenkins jobs, select the ```BFD Multibranch and Multistage Pipeline```.

4. Prior to initiating a build, one should confirm that the build environment has the most recent changes/updates to the codebase; on the left-side list of actions, select the ```Scan Repository Now``` to ensure latest changes are part of a build. After the ```Scan Repository Now``` has completed, verify that it matches up with Git's notion of ```master```. 

    - Beneath the `Scan Repository Now` link, select the `Scan Respository Log` link to view the pipeline's notion of what will be built. 
    - Look for `changes detected master`, and find the `git` hash for the latest `master` commit (example: ```Changes detected: master (null → 34a328cf9082bb7ab7bf640a632124ef59516f94)```).
    - Compare that `git hash` with the `git hash` found in the git repository for `master`; if the hash values match, you know that the pipeline will be building the latest `master`.

> 5. From either the ```Branches``` or the ```Pull Requests``` view (toggled via the selector at top of page), select the code branch to be built. For this exercse, we'll be building the latest changes to ```master``` so selecting ```master``` from within the ```branches``` page, displays a ```Stage View``` showing the last 10 builds of the `selected branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. From either the ```Branches``` or the ```Pull Requests``` view (toggled via the selector at top of page), select the code branch to be built. For this exercise, we'll be building the latest changes to ```master``` so selecting ```master``` from within the ```branches``` page, displays a ```Stage View``` showing the last 10 builds of the `selected branch.
```

    - `use_latest_images` : if enabled, defer to latest available AMIs; skips `App` and `App Image` Stages.
    - `verbose_mvn_logging` : if enabled, `mvn` will produce verbose logs.
    - `skip_migrator_deployment` : if enabled, AND building a non-trunk or non-master branch, then do not deploy the migrator to the `test` environment.
    - `server_regression_image_override` : text input that can be used to identify/override the `Docker` image tag used when deploying the server-regression lambda.

9. Activate the pipeline processing using the ```Build``` button, which will include any parameters selected above.

10. When build commences, the ```Stage View``` is displayed showing the now activated current pipeline processing stage(s). If you need to see more detail of the pipeline build, then click the current build number (under ```Build History```). Some useful actions that provide more detailed information and control:
    - ```Console Output``` provides a detailed view of the console output log.
    - ```Pipeline Steps``` provides a dynamic hierarchial view of the pipeline stages.
    - ```Pause/resume``` allows you to stop (and restart) the pipeline processing.

> 11. When the build pipeline finishes the deployment to ```Test```, the pipeline may pause requesting a ```Manual Approval``` to proceed on to ```prod-sbx, prod```. This gives the operator a chance to abort further processing if needed.

Reviewer: The environment-specific `Server` stages run the regression suite at the conclusion of each stage–this has historically been a top contributor to deployment _failures_ in the past 6 months (to be fair, Mitch has rooted the false positives out by now). And on path-to-prod, `master` branch-based deployments, we should expect this to fail when there is a serious performance problem. I'm not sure if this is the place to document it, but... maybe it might be helpful to note:
* for deployments based on `master`, we visualize historical regression results in AWS QuickSight for `test`, `prod-sbx`, and `prod`
* for all deployments, Jenkins logs point operator to the raw CloudWatch-stored regression suite results

Maybe this is a need that could be better answered by general deployment operations documentation?

    - `Console Output` provides a detailed view of the console output log.
    - `Pipeline Steps` provides a dynamic hierarchial view of the pipeline stages.
    - `Pause/resume` allows you to stop (and restart) the pipeline processing.

11. When the build pipeline finishes the deployment to `Test`, the pipeline may pause requesting a `Manual Approval` to proceed on to `prod-sbx, prod`. This gives the operator a chance to abort further processing if needed.

12. Selecting `Proceed` causes the pipeline to continue its processing:
    - deploys to `PROD-SBX` 
    - deploys to `PROD`

13. At the conclusion of a deployment to each of the environments (`prod`, `prod-sbx`, `test`), the pipeline performs a step that runs a regression suite vs. the `BFD API Services`; the intent is to try to proactively verify that no functional or performance regression results from the deployment. It does this by capturing results from the deployment vs. a set of baseline numbers; this has historically been a top contributor to a deployment failures, mainly failing on performance degradation. If an environmanet fails, more detailed information can be found in:

>     - for deployments based on `master`, we visualize historical regression results in `AWS QuickSight` for `test`, `prod-sbx`, and `prod`.
>     - for `non-master`deployments, `Jenkins` logs point operator to the raw `AWS CloudWatch` stored regression suite results 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - for deployments based on `master`, we visualize historical regression results in AWS QuickSight for `test`, `prod-sbx`, and `prod`
    - for **all** deployments, the Jenkins log points operators to the raw `AWS CloudWatch` stored regression suite results
```
